[Music]
Wow
Oh God what wait what oh there something
is right ready
welcome to wasabi blogs this episode we
will be helping two students get through
to a live airing of Jimmy Kimmel Live to
participate in the dr. pepper tuition
giveaway let me show you how it's done
that's just three balls one time
[Applause]
[Music]
this is the game that will determine who
is moving on to go live on Jimmy Kimmel
now let me show you how it's done that's
that's what you're not supposed to do I
hate this game okay I'm sorry
next up Sam why Leon you're up close
final around for the red team oh the
pressure is getting to them thanks for
watching don't forget to subscribe
congratulations to these two going on to
Jimmy Kimmel Live that's awesome if you
want to learn more about it go to dr.
pepper tuition dot-com backslash Jimmy
you'll find it all there turn into Jimmy
Kimmel Live on September 16th to see
whether Kendra or Morgan will win the
dr. pepper tuition challenge go to dr.
pepper tuition calm slash Jimmy to find
out how you can win up to $100,000 in
tuition